#PV system drawing generator
##Status report for the week of 2014-06-09

#Progress
Before continuing feature development, the existing code needs to to be converted to a module system. 
This will allow for easier development, cleaner code, and less conflicts with other applications that might be included in the same page.
This week was mostly dedicated to this conversion. A more detailed explanation follows.

Currently JavaScript is stored in files that are loaded sequentially from the HTML file. 
This works well for simple applications, but has potential problems.
Files have to be loaded in the correct order based on dependency, but sometimes that is not possible due to circular dependencies. 
Variables that are used to share the values and functions between the files are in the global scope. 
Global variables are also shared with the environment (usually the browser), and anything else that is loaded into that page.
This will often work without problems, but the possibility of conflicts is out of the control of the developer.

The current solution is to keep parts of the code in separate modules that can be loaded into local scopes.

JavaScript is the popular name for the implementation of ECMAScript, an international language standard. 
The next version of the standard includes a module system. 
This is expected to be released later this year, 
but it will be a few years until most users will have updated their browser to support the new features.

The two most popular unofficial module systems are AMD(RequireJS) and CommonJS(Browserify).  
The RequireJS runs completely in the browser, and Browserify requires a build process that combines the modules into a single file.
After testing both, the Browserify system was selected. The build step can be automated, 
and the syntax and organization of variables is closer to the eventual standard module format.

#Plans
Finish basic module system. Continue to add features.

#Development log
* 2014-06-09 15:33:15: Updated git log script
* 2014-06-11 11:19:22: Updated git log script
* 2014-06-11 11:25:34: Added require.js
* 2014-06-11 14:31:48: File reorganization. Created first module.
* 2014-06-12 09:37:12: Abandoning this (RequireJS) branch for now.
* 2014-06-12 10:49:00: Directory cleanup and reorg.
* 2014-06-12 12:27:25: Switched to Browserify build process, with require imports in main.js, building to index.js.
* 2014-06-13 15:52:36: Mostly converted existing files to CommonJS/Browserify format, but still have to update some sections.
